(birds chirping)
(alarm beeping)
(sleepy groan)
(sighs)
I must have fallen asleep.
(shower running)
(knob squeaking)
(water dripping)
(shoe tapping)
(door opens)
(camera shutters clicking)
(gasps)
Miss?
(girl trembles)
Huh?
Oh, it's nothing.
(door squeaking)
[girl] Let's go.
(car door closes)
(engine rumbling)
(indistinct chatter)
(car door opens)
(girl sparkling)
[student]
Good morning, Nishino.
Good morning to you, too.
[student 2]
Good morning, Senpai.
Thank you, good morning.
(Nishino gasps)
There was a boy that I
despised.
(Nishino sighs)
Good morning, Kageno.
His grades are below average.
Athletically,
he's below average.
And his looks are
exceedingly ordinary.
Good morning, Nishimura.
Please, excuse me, Kageno.
What is it, Nishimura?
Well, it's my name, you see.
My name isn't Nishimura.
What's that?
(Nishino chuckles)
[Nishino] What I said was,
my name isn't Nishimura.
What?
My name is not Nishimura.
[Kageno] Oh, I got it wrong?
Yes, but that's okay.
My name is-
[Kageno] Ah, hold on.
I remember now.
You were technically a named
NPC, weren't you?
Technically named what?
[Kageno]
Sorry, talking to myself.
I'm actually pretty good at
remembering the names
of all the important
characters,
but I haven't been
sleeping much,
so I guess I got careless.
You got careless?
You've been in my class,
sitting right next to me for
three months.
Three months!
No biggie, everyone makes a
mistake from time to time.
[Kageno] Yeah, sorry...
Nishitani.
It isn't Nishitani either,
jerk!
[Nishino] It's Nishino.
[Kageno] Huh?
My name is Nishino,
Akane Nishino.
(bell tolling)
[Kageno] Oh, well see you
later, Nishimura.
[Nishino] It's Nishino!
You inconsiderate buffoon!
(Nishino huffs)
However, his most
unforgivable crime
is not his failure to
get my name right.
He never looks at me.
He will turn his eyes
in my direction
but they're always distant.
Like he's looking through me at
some different far off place.
When I realized that about him,
my hatred was complete.
[female student] Akane,
you're playing the lead
in the Monday night drama,
right?
That's so cool, Akane.
So, how many shows
have you done now?
You're even busier than you
were last year, huh?
Please, stop.
I'm so incredibly
nervous about it.
I could just die.
[male student] I can't wait to
see you act again.
I have done everything
in my power
to avoid associating with
Kageno.
If I had it my way, I would
ignore him entirely.
But there are other reasons
that I wanted to avoid making
a big deal of it.
[Kageno] 20,553. 20,554. 20...
(bell tolling)
(giggling)
(tap running)
When I was in middle school,
I had to take a break from show
business because of a scandal.
Ever since that incident...
I've been hiding behind a mask.
[Kageno] Nuclear...
The limits of living things...
(page flapping)
More power...
[teacher] Can I get a volunteer
to tally up the school festival
survey answers?
Oh, me, Sensei! I can do it!
[teacher] But, Nishino,
you still have makeup work
to finish.
(Nishino gasps)
(classmates laughing)
It's just because you've been
so busy lately, right?
This is what makes you so darn
lovable, Akane.
Come on, it's not that funny.
[teacher] Then, um, you sitting
next to her, if you would?
Yes, ma'am.
[student] Okay, it's time to
meet for our club.
[student 2] Wanna stop by
Mitsugoshi on the way home?
[Nishino]
I play the teachers' pet,
so the teachers
will like me.
I play the popular girl,
so the students will like me.
I've been very careful to make
sure no one hates me.
That's how I've lived my life
up to this point.
("Moonlight Sonata")
("Moonlight Sonata" continues)
(fist hitting)
(music ends)
(blood splattering)
(phone ringing)
Why isn't he answering?
(wind rustling)
I haven't walked home
since the incident.
(wind gusts)
(Nishino gasps)
(footfall)
(Nishino trembles)
(Nishino exhales)
(Nishino gasps)
(ominous music)
Hello, Akane Nishino.
(Nishino gasping)
(ominous music)
Why? Help!
Not again!
(tires screeching)
(suspenseful music)
(gangster grunting)
No, please!
(gangster laughing)
(Nishino struggling)
[gangster]
Come on, stop struggling!
(Nishino struggling to scream)
[gangster]
It finally kicked in.
[outsider]
All right, get her in the car.
[gangster] Don't order me
around, outsider.
(Nishino gasps)
(Nishino groaning)
(gangster laughs)
You know,
you really shouldn't do that.
The head of the Nishino
Zaibatsu's daughter,
wandering the streets
alone at night...
You're such a foolish girl.
You might run into some
unsavory characters.
Just don't try anything stupid.
We sent the ransom note.
As soon as we get the money,
you're free to go.
Or at least that's our cover
story, anyways.
Seems like your old man's made
a lot of enemies,
hasn't he, little missy?
Will you shut the hell up?!
Why don't you shut it,
you outsider?!
Do you think you can
talk down to me?
Who do you think you are?!
[outsider]
I said, stop talking,
you outdated, gangster cliche.
(ominous music)
(weights clattering)
[gangster]
Ugh, this is so annoying.
I finally caught my lucky break
and now it's all ruined.
(Nishino whimpering)
[gangster] Why don't you help
me feel better?
Let's have a little fun.
I'll start with that pretty
little mouth of yours.
Don't you dare fight me,
you little whore!
(fist smacking)
(Nishino cries out)
(scoffs) This should be old hat
for you, shouldn't it?
I mean, it is your second time
being kidnapped after all.
And the last guy
was a stalker, right?
I'll make this
much more memorable
than that other guy did.
(ominous music)
[gangster] Stop struggling!
You know you want it.
Huh?
(footsteps on roof)
What the...
Hold on, who's there?!
(Nishino gasps)
(glass shattering)
(Nishino whimpering)
(Nishino gasps)
What the hell?
Who do you think you are?!
[Kageno] Me? Well, I guess I'm
just a Stylish Ruffian Slayer.
[outsider] Stylish?
[gangster] Ruffian Slayer?!
Don't get cute with us,
goddammit!
(gangster yells)
[Kageno]
Too much pointless moving.
Your guard is way down.
(gangster groans)
(gangster yells)
[outsider] Well, well, it looks
like you may have some skill,
Mr. Stylish Ruffian Slayer.
(gun clattering)
You know,
I've been awfully bored
since I was booted
from the army.
Doing these pitiful
little abductions,
partnering with a
lowlife amateur...
This country's just
too damn peaceful.
[Kageno]
I see, then this is perfect.
I've always wanted to fight a
military man.
(scoffs)
I welcome the challenge,
Stylish Ruffian Slayer!
Welcome to my world!
(tense music)
(outsider chuckles)
I can't go back
now that I know...
how good this feels!
[Kageno] Crowbars are great,
Mr. Ex-Military.
They're sturdier, don't break.
They're easy to carry around.
And if you end up with
police questioning,
you can make up excuses.
[Kageno] The best of all,
you can use them
like tonfa batons.
Damn it!
You're definitely
a good fighter,
but you have a major weakness.
'Cause of your tiny frame,
I'm big enough to crush you!
(outsider grunts)
(outsider laughs)
I just have to protect my head
and I'll be fine.
But if you take one hit from
me, you're finished, soldier.
[Kageno] You make a good point.
At my current level,
an ex-military guy's
still a bit of a challenge.
That's the reality.
So, I should get a little more
serious about this.
Huh?
(tense music)
What the hell?!
(outsider yells)
[Kageno] I discovered the real
potential of crowbars.
They're shaped
very much like tonfa.
They're heavy, sturdy,
portable.
Everything about them has
immense potential.
So I regularly beat up the
motorcycle gangs
that disturb the peace
night after night.
(outsider in pain)
(gasping) Are you saying
that you're the one
that beat up those bikers
with a crowbar?!
You're the
Balaclava Berserker?!
(blood splattering)
[Kageno] They recently
started wearing helmets
so it wouldn't kill them
if I hit them in the head.
And the solution I found
to that problem...
(outsider panicking)
...was to stop using crowbars
like tonfa.
(outsider yells)
Because using them
like a regular crowbar...
...is more effective!
(outsider screams)
[Kageno] That is the
potential of a crowbar.
The trick is to hit with the
heel of the "L"...
(outsider screams)
...because it
magnifies the shock.
(outsider gasping)
(outsider) No, don't!
(crowbar smashing)
(outsider screaming)
[outsider] Stop!
Aaah, please!
(crowbar smashing)
(outsider gurggling)
(outsider gasping)
(Nishino whimpering)
(gasps)
[Kageno] Next time, be more
careful walking home.
(Nishino gasps)
[Nishino] What...
[Kageno] It's no good.
If that's how I do
against an ex-soldier,
I'll never be...
the Eminence in Shadow.
(mellow music)
[Nishino]
After that, I called the police
and things got pretty hectic.
But Daddy pulled some strings
and the public never found out
about what happened.
In the end,
I never did find out
the true identity of the
Stylish Ruffian Slayer.
(birds chirping)
[girl] Good morning, Nishino.
Good morning to you, too.
[girl 2] Good morning, Senpai.
Thank you, good morning.
(Nishino gasps)
(Nishino sighs)
Good morning, Kageno.
Good morning,
Nishino.
(sighs) Okay, okay,
my name isn't Nishino, it's-
You didn't get my name wrong.
And I get the feeling,
his eyes are looking
directly at me.
Kageno is like me.
He lives his life
hiding behind a mask.
That's the thought
that crossed my mind,
but now there's no way
to ever know for sure.
(TV) On to our next story.
Just before dawn this morning
on a city road in Sakurazaka,
local high school student,
Minoru Kageno,
was hit by a truck.
He did not survive.
The police have determined that
the driver was negligent
and will continue with
their investigation.
We will bring you the
latest as we...
("Moonlight Sonata")
[Kageno] I don't remember
how it started.
As far back as I can remember,
it's what I always
wanted to be.
Like how everybody dreams
of being a hero
when they're a kid,
that's what I wanted to be.
(classical guitar music)
But what made me different
from other kids,
is that my passion was more
than just a temporary phase.
My passion kept burning deep,
deep inside my heart.
The flame never went out.
It kept driving me forward.
I did everything I could
to master every skill
I needed to be stronger.
At school, I was the stubbornly
ordinary, never conspicuous,
utterly harmless,
Background Character A.
But behind the mask,
I gave everything
to my training.
As everyone around me grew up
and forgot about the heroes
they dreamed of becoming,
I started to feel a little,
just a tiny bit, sentimental.
But I kept going,
I kept working,
for the day I knew would come.
(orchestral music)
But the time came
for me to face reality.
None of this is
going to mean anything.
The world is overflowing
with martial arts
and I can learn all of them,
but I'll never get the kind
of overwhelming power
you hear about
in all the stories.
The best I can do,
is bust a few delinquent heads.
If, for example,
I was surrounded by
fully armed soldiers,
that would be it for me.
If I became the strongest
martial artist in the world,
there's a chance I'd be able
to rough 'em up some.
(background cheering)
But then what?
(classical guitar music)
What if a nuclear missile fell
from the sky?
I can tone my muscles.
I can hone my mind.
I can polish my skills
all I want.
But if a nuclear bomb hits,
all I can do is evaporate.
(truck horn)
That's what it is to be human.
(truck crashing)
I have to overcome
those limits.
The being that I want to be,
would not evaporate in a
nuclear explosion.
Compromise is not an option.
(upbeat music)
(traffic clamor)
(inaudible chatter)
[woman] Don't worry.
We have them
completely surrounded.
They have nowhere
to run or hide.
It is exactly as you had
predicted, my lord.
I have only words of admiration
for your foresight and
meticulous planning.
We haven't had a big hunt in
ages and ages. I can't wait!
I'll show no mercy.
My lord, we all humbly await
your orders. We are ready.
(chuckles) Excellent!
I'm not sure exactly what's
excellent, but I'm sure it is.
I was blessed with a new life,
and in a new world no less.
And I was given...
But now I need more power.
Magic...
With this new power
at my disposal...
There is but one summit
we aim to reach.
Let's go.
(wind whistling)
This time,
I'm going to make it.
I would give up everything
to get there.
No, I WILL give up everything!
If that's what it takes
to get there,
that's what I'll do.
I don't wanna be the hero.
I don't wanna be the last boss.
I wanna be the one in the story
who operates from the shadows:
(dramatic music)
The Eminence in Shadow!
(ENDING THEME)